added css position: relative (#5450)
Codecademy/docs: content/css/concepts/position/terms/relative/relative.md

> ---
> Title: 'Relative Positioning in CSS' 
> Description: 'Positions element relative to its normal document flow placement for improved styling control.' 
> Subjects: 
>   - 'Web Design'
>   - 'Web Development'
>   - 'CSS'
> Tags:
>   - 'positioning'
>   - 'CSS'
>   
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'learn-css'
>   - 'paths/css'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: 'relative' 
Description: 'Positions an element relative to its normal document flow placement, allowing for improved styling control.' 
Subjects: 
  - 'Web Design'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'CSS'
  - 'Positioning'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-css'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
```

Reviewer: Modifications: Title should be the term, subjects should be picked from the [subjects.md](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md) file, tags should be in alphabetical order.
Rephrased the description for better readability

---

> The **relative** value of the `position` property allows an element to be positioned relative to its normal position in the document flow. This positioning method provides a way to adjust an element's position without affecting the layout of surrounding elements.

Reviewer: relative should be in backticks as well as bold

## Syntax

> ```css

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

Reviewer: syntax should be in a ```pseudo``` block

position: relative;
```

> When an element is set to `position: relative`, you can use the `top`, `right`, `bottom`, and `left` properties to offset it from its normal position:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an element is set to `position: relative`, the `top`, `right`, `bottom`, and `left` properties can be used to offset it from its normal position as follows:
```

Reviewer: pronouns like "you" and "we" are not used in docs

```css
selector {
  position: relative;
  top: <length>;
  right: <length>;
  bottom: <length>;
  left: <length>;
}
```

> - `<length>`: Can be specified in pixels (px), ems (em), rems (rem), percentages (%), or other CSS units.
> - Positive values move the element away from the specified edge.
> - Negative values move the element towards the specified edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<length>`: Can be specified in pixels (px), ems (em), rems (rem), percentages (%), or other CSS units. Positive values move the element away from the specified edge and negative values move it towards the specified edge.
```

> ## Example 1:Simple Relative Positioning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example 1
```

This example demonstrates basic relative positioning of a single element.

```html
<div class="container">
    <div class="box"></div>
</div>
```

```css
.container {
    position: relative; /* Enables child elements to be positioned absolutely within this container */
    width: 600px;
    height: 360px;
}

.box {
    position: relative; /* Shifts this box relative to its normal position */
    top: 50px; /* Moves the box 50px down from its original position */
    left: 100px; /* Moves the box 100px to the right from its original position */
    width: 200px;
    height: 200px;
}

```

Here's what the above examples look like:

![CSS Position Relative Example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/css-position-relative-ex1.png)

In this example, the blue box is moved 50 pixels down and 100 pixels to the right from its original position within the container.

> ## Example 2:Advanced Relative Positioning

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Example 2
```

    width: 300px;
    height: 300px;
}

.box {
    position: relative; /* Shifts this box relative to its normal position */
    width: 100px;
    height: 100px;
}

#box1 {
    z-index: 2; /* Stacks this box above others with lower z-index */
}

#box2 {
    top: -50px; /* Moves this box 50px up from its original position */
    left: 50%; /* Moves this box 50% to the right from its original position */
    z-index: 1; /* Stacks this box below others with higher z-index */
}

#box3 {
    top: -100px; /* Moves this box 100px up from its original position */
    left: 25%; /* Moves this box 25% to the right from its original position */
    z-index: 3; /* Stacks this box above others with lower z-index */
}

```

![z-index and percentage-based positioning.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/css-position-relative-ex2.png)

This advanced example demonstrates:

1. Z-index usage to control stacking order of relatively positioned elements.
2. Percentage-based positioning (50% and 25% left).
3. Negative values for top positioning to move elements upwards.
4. How relatively positioned elements interact with each other in the same container.

> The green box (Box 3) appears on top due to its higher z-index, despite being declared last in the HTML. The orange box (Box 2) is positioned 50% from the left edge of the container, while the green box is 25% from the left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The green box (Box 3) appears on top due to its higher` z-index`, even though it is declared last in the HTML. The orange box (Box 2) is positioned 50% from the left edge of the container, while the green box is 25% from the left.
```

> ``
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
